5.5. General Purpose Service Robot
This test evaluates the abilities of the robot that are required throughout the set of tests in stage I of this and previous years' RuleBooks. In this test the robot has to solve multiple tasks
upon request. That is, the test is not incorporated into a (predened) story and there is neither a predened order of tasks nor a predened set of actions. The actions that are to be carried
out by the robot are chosen randomly by the referees from a larger set of actions. These actions are organized in three categories with dierent complexity. Scoring thereby depends on the complexity class.

5.5.1. Focus
This test particularly focuses on the following aspects:
	• No predefined order of actions to carry out (to get away from state machine-like behavior programming).
	• Increased complexity in speech recognition.
	• Environmental (high-level) reasoning.
	• Efficient and fast task execution (speed).

5.5.2. Task
1. Entering and command retrieval: The robot enters the arena and drives to a designated position where it has to wait for further commands.
2. Command generation: A command is generated randomly, depending on the command category chosen by the team (see below).
3. Command categories: The team may choose from the following three categories:
	3.1. Category I: Tasks with a low diculty degree.
	3.2. Category II: Tasks with a moderate diculty degree.
	3.3. Category III: Tasks with a high diculty degree or with incomplete/erroneous information.
4. Task assignment: The robot is given the command by the operator and may directly start to work on the task assignment.
5. Returning to the operator: After accomplishing the assigned task, the robot has to move back to the operator to retrieve the next command (i.e., go back to 1. without the
   need of re-entering the arena). The robot can work on at most three commands. After the third command, it has to leave the arena.
6. Exiting the arena: After accomplishing the assigned task, the robot has to leave the arena.
   The robot must prove it has understood the given command by repeating it (Please see the remarks about this in section 5.5.3).

5.5.3. Additional rules and remarks
1. Referees: Since the score system in this test involves a subjective evaluation of the robot's behavior, the referees are EC/TC members.
2. Category selection: For every of the three commands given to the robot, the team chooses the desired command category.
3. Operator:
	• The person operating the robot is one of the referees (default operator).
	• If the robot appears to consistently not be able to understand the operator, the referees ask the team to use a custom operator or bypassing speech recognition (Section 3.9.1).
4. Retrieving the command: The robot must show it has understood the given command by repeating the command (i.e. stating all the required information to accomplish the task.).

5.5.4. Referee and OC instructions
2h before test:
	• Specify and announce the entrance and exit door

Action Score
Getting instructions
Understanding the command on the 1st attempt 											3 x 10
Understanding the command on the 1st attempt (Custom Operator) 							3 x 5
First Command Successfully Solved
Command Category I 																		10
Command Category II 																	20
Command Category III 																	30
Second Command Successfully Solved
Command Category I 																		20
Command Category II 																	40
Command Category III 																	60
Third Command Successfully Solved
Command Category I 																		40
Command Category II 																	80
Command Category III 																	120
Leave the arena
Leave the arena after successfully accomplishing a command								10
Special penalties & standard bonuses
Contributing with recorded data (P gathered points/max points * X) 
(see sec. 3.4) 																			10
Not attending (see sec. 3.10.1)															-50
Outstanding performance (see sec. 3.10.3) 												25
Total score (excluding penalties and bonuses) 											250
