5.1. Storing Groceries [DSPL & OPL]
The robot helps by storing newly bought groceries in the cupboard next to the objects of the same kind that are already there; for instance by placing fresh apples where the other apples are.

5.1.1. Goal
The robot has to correctly identify and manipulate objects at dierent heights, grouping them by category and likelihood.

5.1.2. Focus
This test focuses on the detection and recognition of objects and their features, as well as object manipulation.

5.1.3. Setup
1. Location: One of the bookcases or cupboards in the apartment is used for this test, one where a table is near or can be put.
2. Start position: The robot will start between the cupboard and the table in a random orientation, but facing towards the Cupboard. .
3. Cupboard: The cupboard has 5 shelves between 0.30m and 1.80m from the ground and contains several objects (See 3.2.5).
	• Door: The cupboard has a single door, which is closed initially.
4. Table: A table near to the Cupboard has 10 objects (See 3.2.5). If not all t the on the table, they will be added during the test. The maximum distance between the Table and the Cupboard is 2m.
5. Objects: Objects on the Cupboard and on the Table can be known, alike, or unknown. Also, there will be more than one object in each shelf.

5.1.4. Task
1. Opening door: The robot starts opening the Cupboard's door. If the robot is unable to open the door, it may ask the Referee to do it instead.
2. Cupboard inspection: The robot inspects the cupboard locating and categorizing existing groceries.
3. Finding the table: The turns around and locates the table.
4. Table inspection: The robot approaches the table starts analyzing the newly bought groceries (i.e. objects).
5. Moving objects: The robot chooses which object to move rst from the Table to the Cupboard, allocating similar objects all together.
	• Objects of the same type (i.e. identical known objects or akin alike objects) must be placed one next to the other.
	• If the Cupboard has no object of the same type, then objects must be grouped by category (e.g. drinks with drinks, snacks with snacks, etc)
	• If the Cupboard has no similar object, the robot must clearly state its decision on how to solve the problem. For instance, the robot can dene a place for the newly
	  found Category (e.g. Food was found but there is no other food in the cupboard), or group all new objects together (e.g. placing all Unknown objects together).
	Note: Either before or after grasping an object the robot may announce the name of the object found.
6. Repeat: This repeats until the time is up or all groceries are stored.

5.1.5. Additional rules and remarks
1. Bypassing Manipulation: Bypassing object manipulation via the CONTINUE rule (Section Section 3.9.1) is not allowed during this test.
2. No setup: There is no setup time.
3. Startup: The robot can be started with a simple voice command or via a start button (Section Section 3.8.7).
4. Single try: The robot must be able to start from the rst attempt. There is no restart for this test. If the robot is unable to start it must be removed immediately.
5. Collisions: Slightly touching the the cupboard is tolerated (but not advised). Crushing objects or any other form of a major collision terminates the test immediately (Section Section 3.8.1).
6. Recognition report: Robots must create a PDF report le including
	6.1. The name of the team.
	6.2. The try number (to identify between runs).
	6.3. The date and time.
	6.4. Picture of the cupboard in its initial state with bounding boxes enclosing each group and a human-readable labels to identify them.
	6.5. The list of moved objects; each one with a picture showing the object inside a bounding box with a label stating the object's name, category, and any other relevant
		 information used to categorize the object.
	6.6. Picture of the cupboard in its nal state with bounding boxes enclosing each group and a human-readable labels to identify them.
		 The report le must be stored on a USB-stick on the robot, which will be collected by the TC immediately after the test. The PDF le must be named with the following format:
		 TeamName RunNumber.pdf 
	Remark: It must be unmistakable which label belongs to which object. Objects must also be easily recognizable in the report by a human (TC) so that it can be scored.
	Remark: False positives in the report (labeling an object which is not an object but e.g. the edge of the shelf) are penalized.
	Unknown objects: A signicant amount of objects are unknown objects. A correct label for these may be constituted by:
		• Simply labeling those as \Unknown" as opposed to wrongly applying a label from the known or alike objects
		• Labeling pairs of unknown objects of the same class with the same label (which may be e.g. \type X" for one pair and \relevant-feature Y" for another).
		• Labeling unknown objects with a new, sensible label for objects.
7. Clear area: The robot may assume that the direct vicinity of the cupboard and table are clear, and that the robot can move slightly backwards for its task.

5.1.6. Data recording
Please record the following data (See Section 3.4):
	• Images
	• Plans
	
5.1.7. OC instructions
2 hours before the test
	• Announce the startup location for robots.

5.1.8. Referee instructions
The referee needs to
	• Place the objects in the cupboard and a few of the same class on the table. New items can be placed when there is room or the robot asks for more objects.
	• Close the door of the cupboard.
	• Put objects on the table and the corresponding objects in the cupboard: 3 known objects,
2 alike and 5 unknown objects.

5.1.9. Score sheet
The maximum time for this test is 1+3 minutes. The rst minute is for the robot to open the Cupboard's door on its own. If the robot is not able to open the door within that minute, it
will be opened by the referee. In case the robot opens the door within the minute, the robot has a small time advantage.


Action Score
Opening the door
Opening the door without human help 									20
Moving objects	
Successfully grasping an object (5 cm for more than 10 seconds) 		5 x 10
Successfully placing an object near to another of the same class 		5 x 10
Successfully placing an object anywhere else 							5 x 5
Recognizing objects
Every correctly recognized known or alike object in the report le 		10 x 5
Correctly label unknown objects 										5 x 15
False positive label 													10 x -5
Special penalties & standard bonuses
Contributing with recorded data (P gathered points/max points * X) 
(see sec. 3.4) 															10
Not attending (see sec. 3.10.1) 										-50
Outstanding performance (see sec. 3.10.3) 								25
Total score (excluding penalties and bonuses) 							250
